Exporters makefile workflow (#1)
ContainerSolutions/cre-contribs: README.md

# cre-contribs
Repository for gathering various contributions/docs/snippets used by CRE

### Exporters

The exporter directory includes the necesary tooling to generate a basic kustomize template and vanilla kubernetes manifests for exporters. The exporters suported at the moment are:

> - promehteus-node-exporter

Reviewer: ```
- prometheus-node-exporter
```

- kube-state-metrics

> To build both exporters with the last helm charts version

Reviewer: ```
To build both exporters with the latest helm charts version
```

Reviewer 2: Actually we pin the version now, so this description is out of date and needs to be changed.

```suggestion
To build both exporters with the pinned versions run the following command
```

```bash
make
```

For a fixed helm chart version set enviroment variables

```bash
export NODE_EXPORTER_VERSION=<version>
export KUBE_STATE_METRICS=<version>

> ```

Reviewer 2: Per my comments earlier, I would drop this then.

> ```

Reviewer 2: Per above we should update this, or remove it since it's out of date now.
